Please fill out this quick survey so we can assess the level of interest in developing resources for Preprint Journal Clubs. Thank you!

Contact info:


	1. Name (Optional, but helpful):
	2. Contact info (Optional, but helpful):
	3. Institution/organization (Optional, but helpful):
	4. Are you working in:
      [ ] academia 
      [ ] industry
      [ ] non-profit
      [ ] other (please state):


Preprint Journal Club interest:


	1. Have you hosted a preprint Journal Club in your institution/organization?
        -If not, would you be interested in hosting a Preprint JC?
        -If so, please comment on how successful this was and if there are ways this could have been improved/made easier?
	2. Does your institution/organization have a Journal Club scheme already set up for peer reviewed journals?
	3. What barriers do you foresee in setting up a Preprint JC and do you have any suggestions for how to overcome these barriers?


Preprint Author Review:


	1. If you were to host a Preprint JC, would you be willing to provide a review/feedback to the authors?
        -If so, would it be helpful if you had guidance on how to structure the review?
	2. How long would you be willing to spend writing a review for the authors? 
	3. Have you ever reviewed a manuscript as part of the peer review process?
	4. Have you had training in reviewing non-peer reviewed manuscripts?
	5. Do you think it would be beneficial training to write a Preprint review?
	6. Have you written or contributed towards a manuscript?
        -If so, do you think it would have been useful to have input from the scientific community whilst you were constructing/finalizing your manuscript?
                  -If so, would you prefer those comments to be" open and viewable by the community, or private/emailed to you?
	7. Have you ever read a preprint that was posted on an online repository, like bioRxiv, PeerJ or F1000 Research?
        -If so, were there any comments posted with the preprint?
                   -If so, were the comments helpful to you?

